---
title: "S3"
---

# S3

## Descrição

Adicione uma breve descrição do serviço aqui.

## Links Úteis

- [S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html)

## Tópicos Principais

What is Amazon S3?
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability,
		data availability, security, and performance. Customers of all sizes and industries can use
		Amazon S3 to store and protect any amount of data for a range of use cases, such as data lakes,
		websites, mobile applications, backup and restore, archive, enterprise applications, IoT
		devices, and big data analytics. Amazon S3 provides management features so that you can optimize,
		organize, and configure access to your data to meet your specific business, organizational,
		and compliance requirements.
Amazon S3 offers a range of storage classes designed for different use cases. For
				example, you can store mission-critical production data in S3 Standard or S3 Express One Zone for frequent
				access, save costs by storing infrequently accessed data in S3 Standard-IA or
				S3 One Zone-IA, and archive data at the lowest costs in S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval,
				S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
Amazon S3 Express One Zone is a high-performance, single-zone Amazon S3 storage class that is purpose-built
				to deliver consistent, single-digit millisecond data access for your most
				latency-sensitive applications. S3 Express One Zone is the lowest latency cloud object
				storage class available today, with data access
				speeds
				up to 10x faster and with request costs
				50
				percent lower than S3 Standard. S3 Express One Zone is the first S3 storage class where you can select a single Availability Zone with 
the option to co-locate your object storage with your compute resources, which provides the highest possible access speed.
				Additionally, to further increase access speed and support hundreds of thousands of
				requests per second, data is stored in a new bucket type: an
				Amazon S3 directory bucket. For more information, see What is S3 Express One Zone? and Directory
            buckets.
You can store data with changing or unknown access patterns in
				S3 Intelligent-Tiering, which optimizes storage costs by automatically moving your
				data between four access tiers when your access patterns change. These four access
				tiers include two low-latency access tiers optimized for frequent and infrequent
				access, and two opt-in archive access tiers designed for asynchronous access for
				rarely accessed data.

## Exemplos de Uso

Adicione exemplos de uso do serviço aqui.

## Melhores Práticas

Adicione melhores práticas relacionadas ao uso do serviço aqui.
